[GAIA INSTRUMENTAL]
[THEME SONG]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: For a man
who holds his cards pretty
close to his chest,
Billy Carson and I
had a pretty
freewheeling conversation
about his years
growing up and what
influenced him to be so dogged
in his pursuit of truth.
Today, we're going
to dive even deeper
into his family's backstory,
which we did not have time
to do in the last conversation.
It is not your normal
family history.
Welcome back, Billy.
>>BILLY CARSON:
Thanks for having me.
>>REGINA: We just started
talking after the show,
and I thought, oh my god,
why couldn't we get to that?
So now, you're a
representative of a bloodline
of people that's been tapped
in a really interesting way.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And first of all,
let's do a tiny little recap.
In our last conversation, you
initially grew up in New York,
as I recall?
>>CARSON: Mm-hm.
>>REGINA: And a
background of poverty?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Poverty.
And you ended up
moving to Florida.
And just a quick little
recap, but you're
a very ingenious man.
And you're an entrepreneur,
and you figured out
a way to make life work
for you and, really,
with stunning results.
Maybe just give a
little recap for us
before we start going back
to grandma and grandpa.
>>CARSON: Sure, I'll
give you a quick summary.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Basically, I was
born in New York City in Queens
at Queens General Hospital.
I lived in New York in
Cambria Heights Queens
just from the age of birth
until about seven years old,
moved to Miami, Florida.
In Miami, Florida, we
lived in Opa-locka,
which is a very
impoverished city, still
to this current day.
I mean, I just went there a
few weeks ago to check on the--
just memory sake, kind
of go down memory lane,
and I was like, wow,
this is pretty bad.
>>REGINA: How long since
you had been there?
>>CARSON: Probably, I would
say, about three or four years.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And every time
I go back, it's worse.
This time, I saw a
12-foot barbed wire gate
around the elementary
school that I went to,
where I started my
research and investigation
with the encyclopedias.
But at that house
that we were renting
there is where I saw a
UFO in my backyard-- fly
over my backyard.
We lived close to an airport,
so I knew it wasn't an airplane.
And that triggered my
research and investigation
into aerospace.
So I would go to Rainbow Park
Elementary to the library,
and I literally would take down
the Encyclopedia Britannicas
and start researching aerospace.
I started back then.
It was like 1977.
>>REGINA: You were how old?
About eight, or--
>>CARSON: Seven years old.
>>REGINA: Seven.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Yeah, seven years old.
>>REGINA: And just also, as
a little prehistory to that,
your dad was kind of taking
you out proud to show you off
when you were like two to the
bar to read out of the Bible
to his friends.
Look at how smart my kid is.
And he saw to it that your
family became very literate.
>>CARSON: Yes, he did.
That's one thing I've got
to give him the credit for,
even though it was a
weird experience going out
to these bars.
And then, he'd come home and
watch my mom clobber him.
But I was reading novels
at the age of one.
I was reading children's
books at 10 months,
novels at the age of one.
>>REGINA: That
sounds like a myth.
It's like, how can you even
process information at one
unless the way you came in was
already wired developmentally
completely differently
than your normal human.
>>CARSON: I was a
little different.
From early on, I knew that I
was a little bit different, just
because of the things
that I would retain,
and how I would
know information,
and how I would see things.
And other kids that
I would interact with
didn't have the same
concepts that I had
or perceptions that I had.
And I realized early on that
in some kind of way in my mind
they were a little
bit behind me,
but I was just actually a
little bit ahead of them.
When I got to Rainbow
Park Elementary,
more verifiable information,
they asked my mom if I wanted
to go to kindergarten and
just be in kindergarten--
because I hadn't been
to school yet at all--
or if I wanted to go
to the second grade.
And she said, just put
him in the first grade.
Give him a chance to acclimate
with the kids and everything
else.
But I could've went straight
to the second grade.
>>REGINA: Well, that
makes sense because,
well, you probably
could have gone
to the fifth or sixth
grade academically.
But socially, you'd
have been way out
of sync and under
influences of older kids.
So then as you started
becoming a young man,
you became involved in
and fascinated with--
was it digital that was
coming up at the time?
>>CARSON: Yeah,
digital car stereo.
So in my dad's car, he
had 8-track players.
One was a junker that
we had in the yard
that we would take apart and
put back together for fun.
The other one--
>>REGINA: Never thought of that.
That's a great way to learn
mechanical engineering, right?
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And the other one was his car,
which worked from time to time,
[LAUGHS] but it had an 8-track.
With 8-tracks, as you know,
anybody who knows about them,
you can't rewind.
It's always listen till the
end, then it starts over.
>>REGINA: It goes one direction.
>>CARSON: One direction.
And I started
researching you know
into what's coming up next.
I knew this couldn't
persist forever.
>>REGINA: And how old
were you at this point?
>>CARSON: I was 12 years old.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
And I was selling
newspapers for the Miami news.
So I would take the money that
I was making from my commission
from selling subscriptions
and I found a company called
"Galaxy Electronics."
They were inside
and, still today,
are inside of the
Opportunity magazine
that you can get in
the grocery store.
Mine was at Winn-Dixie grocery
store right around the corner.
I would go there.
I got the Opportunity book.
And I found this company.
I started looking at all the
radios they were coming out
with and electronics.
I started buying
digital car radios
with cassette decks and also
EQ boosters and, even then,
eventually subwoofers.
And I had, eventually, the
largest electronics company
pretty much in the
tri-county area.
People were coming from
all over the counties
to come to my house
to buy because nobody
could beat my prices.
>>REGINA: At the ripe
old age of, what, 13, 14?
>>CARSON: 13, yeah.
By then, I was 13.
By the time I was
14, I was already
making more than my parents.
>>REGINA: I love it.
OK.
And meanwhile, you were still
continuing your research?
>>CARSON: Yes,
still researching.
>>REGINA: --regarding reverse
propulsion technologies
and anti-gravity technologies,
trying to piece together
how that experience you
had functioned physically
in the physical world, right?
>>CARSON: Right, exactly.
I got into all
types of sciences.
The great thing that happened,
universal synchronicity,
I guess, is not too long
after that experience--
and I was researching
the encyclopedias,
the encyclopedia
salesperson came to my house
knocking on the door, and my mom
got approved for the whole set.
So I was in heaven then.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>CARSON: So I was studying
biology, physics, aerospace,
everything you could
think of that existed--
economies, and history--
everything that
was in those books.
It was incredible.
And I was, like, buried in those
books from morning till night.
>>REGINA: How did that happen?
>>CARSON: Well,
at that time, they
were so desperate to get
books out, it was like,
we're going to give
you these books,
and you gotta pay X amount
of dollars every week.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And she started
off giving them the money
every week.
Eventually, she wasn't
able to pay for it anymore.
But what happened was
the salespeople never
came back knocking on the door.
>>REGINA: And they didn't
take their set back?
>>CARSON: They
didn't take it back.
>>REGINA: That was
your real education?
>>CARSON: That was my
in-home education, period.
Literally, that's
what got me started.
>>REGINA: So now, as
your story progressed,
you stayed very
entrepreneurial and successful,
and you have a very disciplined
way about you in mind,
and athletics also
factors into your family.
You're a disciplined person.
You were able to retire, as I
recall, at a very young age,
and raise your little kids,
and really be there for them.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit.
Did you end up retiring
from that company
or another subsequent one?
>>CARSON: It was from a company
called Dotcom Marketing Group.
So basically, I saw,
again, the future.
I have a futuristic mindset.
I always see things,
what's going to be next.
And I saw a commercial.
That's all you need, a small
glimpse of a commercial that
said, "IBM.com."
And I said "dot com?"
And the commercial was talking a
little bit about the internet--
not too much.
So I said, what
is this internet?
So I started looking
into the internet.
This was like 1998.
A few companies had
websites, and that was it.
And I said, wow,
eventually, everybody's
going to want one of these.
And ironically-- again, the
universe works in mysterious
ways--
two weeks later,
one of the gentleman
that lived in my
same community, he
was an exchange
student from Arabia.
And he said to me, do
you have a company?
Because I need to make
a website for a company
as part of my internship.
And I was like, yeah,
I have a company,
and I was looking
to make websites.
I sat over his shoulder.
I watched everything he did.
And then when he got done,
I went to Rent-A-Center,
I got a Packet From Hell.
>>REGINA: What's at
packet from hell?
>>CARSON: A Packard Bell.
>>REGINA: Oh, a Packard Bell.
[LAUGHTER]
>>CARSON: We called
it at Packet from Hell
because it crashed all the time.
>>REGINA: OK, good.
>>CARSON: Two gigabyte
hard drive, AOL dial up,
and I started replicating
what I saw him doing.
And when I realized I
had a talent for it,
I went to the bookstore
and I would just literally
read the books at the bookstore,
take a couple of notes,
go home, and duplicate it.
And I said, wow.
Now if I can make a website
for a service-based company,
I can just make the same
website over and over again
and change the colors
and the content,
and I can do well with this.
>>REGINA: So you had
to teach yourself code?
>>CARSON: I taught myself
five different programming
languages, yes,
from the bookstore.
>>REGINA: See, I just like
hearing this story over again
because I'm so
awe-inspired all the time.
I just want to keep hearing it.
OK.
>>CARSON: And that's what I did.
So I started Dot
Com Marketing Group.
I started telemarketing
mortgage companies
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Thursday and Friday, I would
go out on the appointments
that I set for myself,
sell them the websites.
Saturday and Sunday, I
would put the websites up
and I would duplicate
their numbers.
I was doing, like, 10,000
hours a week doing that.
>>REGINA: Oh, my God.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
when it was time,
you said, OK, I've done this.
And you had enough money to
retire well in good style.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
well, what happened
was a gentleman
approached me who
owned this company called
"Glow Bench Systems," who
were on the pink sheets
on the stock market.
And he said, we need
a cash-rich company
to add to our bottom line
so we can move up and then
even maybe sell the company.
So they acquired
my company, which
the press release
is still available
online from all these years.
They acquired Dot.com
Marketing Group.
So I took that money,
and they acquired it.
They eventually sold to
the amber alert system.
They funded the
amber alert system,
and that's where it
ended up merging with.
But I took seven years off.
I didn't do anything, literally
could have stayed out.
>>REGINA: How lucky
your kids were.
>>CARSON: Oh, I stayed
with the kids all--
I spent so much
time with my kids--
I mean, there's no way even
that their mother can add up
to the amount of hours.
I was at every school.
I volunteered at every school--
all the sports, I
coach every sport,
I help build the
YMCA in West Broward.
When you walk in the
giant granite block,
I'm a founding member.
I started all the sports
programs in Western Florida
and, really, just helped
participate in any way I can.
I became a team USA
coach, Junior Olympics,
high school basketball
coach, gold medals, I mean,
the whole thing.
Yeah, so it was amazing.
>>REGINA: Yeah, over-achiever
doesn't work right.
It doesn't really work for you.
You're in a category
of your own.
How did you get to the point
where they started featuring
you on shows, like what
you do here at Gaia,
"Deep Space" and
"Ancient Civilizations,"
"Ancient Aliens," and all that.
How did that happen?
>>CARSON: You know,
it really started
when I started researching the
procession of the equinoxes.
I became an amateur astronomer.
And I started realizing that--
>>REGINA: Of course.
>>CARSON: [LAUGHS] Of course.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
But I started realizing that
the procession was speeding up.
And I was like, what can cause
the procession to speed up?
And that took me
down a whole rabbit
hole of trying to figure out,
is our sun orbiting something?
Because we would need breakaway
speed if we were speeding up.
These are the questions
I was asking myself.
And I started finding potential
answers to those questions,
and I started looking
into the history books
and seeing where,
in ancient times,
according to this speed
up of the procession,
different geological disasters
were happening on Earth.
So I started thinking
that we could
be orbiting another star in
our solar system, which now
has been officially proven--
>>REGINA: Yes.
The binary star system, yeah.
>>CARSON: Correct.
And I started
thinking, hmm, I should
make an underground shelter.
So I built an
underground shelter
about the size of three
Wal-Marts in Northwest Georgia.
>>REGINA: Of course.
>>CARSON: [LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Can the rest of us
come when it all goes down?
[LAUGHTER]
Go ahead.
>>CARSON: It's to save the
lives of 360 people in case
of a geological or
economic collapse.
And it got featured on
the History Channel,
so that was my first break.
>>REGINA: Ah, OK.
>>CARSON: The History Channel
came down, the producers, they
talked to me.
They came to my
offices and everything.
It's still online today.
It's called the
Countdown to Apocalypse.
It's the episode
called Nostradamus.
>>REGINA: Nostradamus, OK.
>>CARSON: And so that's
when I first got on TV.
I got an IMDb.
I got on IMDb.
And then other people
start looking me up
to see what I was into
and what I was doing,
and then it started turning
into radio shows and everything
else.
And I started finding
out all the other things
I was researching, and talking
about, and blogging about,
and writing up in forums, and
it just kept growing from there.
>>REGINA: So here we are.
And you don't generally
have the opportunity
in these various formats to talk
about your own personal story,
which is why I wanted to do
that with you because you're
an exceptional human being--
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: --on
virtually every level.
And so we don't
have a chance to see
how the lives of people like you
are up close and personal that
often.
And so as we started speaking at
the end of our last interview,
it turns out it wasn't just you.
It's in your blood.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's start at the beginning
of your family's backstory
and probably with your
grandma and grandpa?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK,
paternal or maternal?
>>CARSON: Paternal.
>>REGINA: Paternal, OK.
>>CARSON: So my grandmother,
she is a Puerto Rican woman.
Her last name is de Castro.
So all the de Castros in Puerto
Rico are all related to me--
or I'm related to
them, I should say.
And her grandmother was like a
princess almost in Puerto Rico.
This is a very long time ago.
My grandmother now is 97,
so it's been a long time.
I have a few great, great,
great aunts that are 103, 109,
so forth, so long lifespans.
But she met my grandfather who
was from the St. Thomas Virgin
Islands, or The British Virgin
Islands, and they got together,
and she moved to St. Thomas
with him and started a family.
Now my grandfather's
side of the family
had been interacting
with people there,
as far as I know
now from my aunt who
told me this, from a
very long time ago.
In ancient times, she told
me that people that were more
advanced than us--
she didn't say aliens--
were involved in building
structures on this planet
and that our family
would aid them
with the construction process.
And I was like, wow.
Now she's basically
almost dead now.
She's about to pass away soon.
She contacted me
and said that this
is something I want to tell
you before I leave this Earth.
Now she doesn't know anything
about Forbidden Knowledge,
me being on TV--
>>REGINA: She doesn't know
anything about your life?
>>CARSON: No, nothing.
She knows nothing, not even
an email or a cell phone.
>>REGINA: Just that you did
well financially, that's it.
>>CARSON: I did
well financially--
her son tells her,
oh, Billy's doing OK.
And my mom passed
away nine years ago.
>>REGINA: Now we'll get
into that in a minute,
but your mother always
understood your curiosity about
these things--
>>CARSON: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: --and supported
that, but here's why.
>>CARSON: Yeah, well
because her and my mother,
according to her, were playing
at a megalithic structure
in the islands that, supposedly,
our family helped construct,
and then these beings
came and took them away.
She said they took
us away in a ship
that, basically, as far as she's
concerned, left the planet,
and then came back hours later
and returned them totally safe.
And she said that our family
has a history of working
with these people
and that she just
wanted to let me know this
before she left this Earth.
>>REGINA: OK, let's talk
about the megalithic site
you say that the
family helped build it.
And so if it's megalithic,
link that means your family's
been doing this for many,
many thousands of years.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So they're somehow in
companionship, collaboration,
or maybe even genetically
tied with the people that
have been coming?
>>CARSON: Yeah, something
really interesting.
Only 15% of the world have
Rh-negative blood, and my mom,
and her brother, and myself
all have Rh-negative blood.
And just in one family,
that's too close--
that's so close to
be a coincidence.
>>REGINA: Well, just
so everybody knows what
you're talking about here, that
is often associated with alien
DNA or not-of-this-Earth DNA,
however you want to call it.
>>CARSON: Right, correct.
That's what biologists say.
I have to donate my own
blood to my local plasma bank
so that I can have blood on
call in case something happens
to me, they don't
have to go digging
and figuring out
where they're going
to get blood for transfusion.
I can transfuse my own self.
>>REGINA: Are you an O,
AB, or some combination?
Are you O, A, or AB, B, or AB
in your dominant blood type?
>>CARSON: O, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
And I say this because I did a
show in Sardinia, which is now
airing on Gaia, and
the first episode
had to do with the giants that
had the knowledge that came
from Atlantis that are the--
they were the wise ones
that established life
after the deluge in
Sardinia that some
of the Sardinians, or a
good portion, believe,
are there ancestors?
And we just had this
conversation where the Ouija
said, we are from those people.
We are O, Rh negative-- the
O blood type and Rh negative.
And so he was saying
the same thing
that this is an
indication you're
coming from a different genetic
bloodline than a normal human's
person.
>>CARSON: Yeah, interesting.
>>REGINA: OK so did your mother
explain to you at all what
the beings were like,
what they were shown?
Your aunt, did she explain
what they were shown
or anything about that
experience to you?
>>CARSON: She didn't tell
me what they were shown.
And she was very weak.
She only told me that
we look like themselves.
So they don't look like
aliens, green men--
>>REGINA: Humanoid,
which is supposed
to be throughout the universes.
>>CARSON: Exactly, humanoid.
But they were big.
They were large.
And when I looked back
at the family history,
I keep seeing architects.
My grandfather, an
architect; my aunt
who unforeseen passed away as
well, her son and daughter--
both architects.
I'm going, wow, this
is really interesting.
I mean, and they're not
even going to school
for just particularly that.
My grandfather, only an
eighth-grade education,
becomes one of the
top architects.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's talk
about what happened to his life
and how that even happened.
How did anyone even
know about this man?
>>CARSON: It's incredible.
I really don't have
the slightest clue.
I mean, I'm working
on trying to do
a little documentary about
this because it's really
an amazing story.
And my cousin, who's watching
now, she's like the caregiver
for my grandmother
right now, my nana,
she's digging through
all the old photos
to bring up the
photos that I can
put in a little mini series.
>>REGINA: So let's tell
about his life-- who he was.
And we know he was
married your grandma,
and he was from St. Thomas.
OK, let's find
out what happened.
Because as you said, he only
had an eighth-grade education.
>>CARSON: Yeah, he started
out as a fisherman.
He was a master fisherman.
Everybody knew him for his
capability and ability to fish.
He literally fed entire
neighborhoods with fish.
He would go out
and fish and fish,
and he would bring
home the most--
my first day home
from the hospital.
I remember being there.
>>REGINA: Hospital?
>>CARSON: My first day
home from being born, yeah.
>>REGINA: You remember?
>>CARSON: I remember the
first day they brought me
to the house, yeah.
And I told them what they fed
me and everybody went crazy.
It was fish.
My grandmother
gave me table food.
She gave me some
of the bluefish,
which actually became my
favorite fish until I stopped
eating fish, and that's--
my grandfather caught that fish.
>>REGINA: You're a vegan today?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's
what I thought.
I recall.
And we'll talk about that, too.
I'm writing little notes here.
Vegan.
OK.
All right, there are so many
things to ask at this point.
And I do want to get back to
this notion of having knowledge
from the first day
you incarnated here,
because that's, again--
that has implications.
So you remember this.
So your grandfather was
this master fisherman.
>>CARSON: Yep, he was
a master fisherman.
And at some point, he
began doing architecture.
Now I don't have the exact
point when that started,
but it started long
before any of us
were even born-- my
cousins and everybody else.
He started doing
construction on houses
and actually designing
the houses to be built.
>>REGINA: Now he also
ended up in Egypt
in a joint
archaeological endeavor,
I think, with a
German team, right?
An American and German team?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: For a part
of his, I recall,
restoration of the Great
Pyramid or the Sphinx?
>>CARSON: The Great
Pyramids and the Sphinx.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: Both
needed restoration.
Some areas of the Great
Pyramid on one of the corners
or whatever was deteriorating,
and the Great Sphinx,
from time to time,
it always needs
to be fixed because
of weathering
patterns and everything
else and deterioration.
So I thought it was so
interesting like, you know--
>>REGINA: Why are
they calling him?
>>CARSON: Yeah, exactly.
I mean, this is like
just an amazing thing.
And it's like-- it's
well documented.
So it's not even-- you
know, it's well documented,
which is amazing.
That's why I have to do a
little tidbit on it because I'd
like people to know a little
bit more about my grandfather.
>>REGINA: Oh, I'd
love to see that.
I'd love to see that.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so now let me ask
now about the Puerto Rican side
again.
If their understanding was
their family history was
as a part of the architectural
team of these megalithic sites
and that had been passed
down, did the women
or the men in your
lineage and your mother,
and aunt, and their
lineage have the ability
to see, for example?
Were any of them
psychic or unique
in their perceptions of life?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I have an aunt--
now she was really amazing
because she had the capability
of seeing way in the future.
Now my dad was driving for this
company called Handi-Van, which
I think might be still
in business today,
so it's well documented
this situation.
He was driving
elderly people around.
My aunt contacted
us and she said--
her name was Aunt Doris--
she said, your father--
she told my mom,
your husband's going to be
in a very bad car accident.
Everybody's going
to die, but his life
is going to be
restored, but he'll
be in the hospital for a while.
And my mom went crazy.
Don't call me telling
me this stuff.
This is scary stuff.
Blah, blah, blah.
Three weeks later,
a tractor trailer
jumps across the median,
hits him head on in the van,
all eight people
in the car died.
He was loaded with blood.
The hospital called, pronounced
him dead at the scene.
And when we got to the
hospital, he was alive.
He had a broken collarbone.
All the blood that
was on him wasn't his.
And this is another
well-documented--
can be searched, researched,
can be looked up,
well-documented event.
And she called it
weeks ahead of time.
And that was Aunt Doris.
Unfortunately she's
passed away now,
but she used to do things
like this all the time.
>>REGINA: Did the family feel
threatened by her in general
or did they start
paying attention?
>>CARSON: They started paying
real close attention after that
one because other things were
very small, maybe coincidences,
but this was the largest
thing on the scale.
It was amazing.
>>REGINA: So let me ask
you another question.
Like I said, I'm seeing 50
different paths of conversation
to take right now.
OK, so let's just stay
on that one for a minute
before we go back
to some other stuff.
After Aunt Doris started
being respected by the family
and she'd tell them things,
did they alter their behavior
and alter the outcomes?
>>CARSON: People became much
more aware and much more
cautious of situations to try
to figure out when things were
going--
to have better intuition
about when things
were going to happen or occur.
>>REGINA: Did they actually
avoid those things happening?
>>CARSON: Some people
avoided some of the things,
and some people weren't able to.
So I guess it--
>>REGINA: I mean, that's, to
me, interesting, of course.
Because as the saying goes,
it is written, darling,
my ballet guru teacher used to
tell me, it is written darling.
And so you wonder in something
like that if-- your father,
if he was driving for a living,
he couldn't avoid driving.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So it sounded like
this was destined to occur
or she would not
have been seeing it.
So in some timeline, some
reality, it had occurred.
But as you say,
some of the events
were actually avoided by simply
increasing one's awareness.
>>CARSON: Right
example, let's say
he decided, well, I'm not going
to drive for Handi-Van anymore.
I'm going to stop
driving for this company.
And let's say he decided to
go into mechanic work, which
is what he did before.
He could have averted
that situation.
But how do you know for sure
this is really going to happen?
I need this money.
I have to pay my bills
and take care of my kids.
>>REGINA: And you don't
know where-- in this case,
she was very clear.
Sometimes they
have those things,
but they're not as specific.
It's like, one dream, I rolled
in the side of a-- it almost
looked like a Costco, but it was
all white with white walls that
rolled up and my
white car inside,
and the radio came on
on its own it said,
we know you've been through
a lot of loss and pain,
but there's more coming.
Know we're with you.
So my father and my son
were going in a helicopter
the next day over Yosemite.
So I tried to interfere.
I did interfere.
I said, I can't
let my son go, Dad.
You can go if you want,
but I can't let my son go.
It was fine.
But three days later, my mentor,
the woman I mentioned, died.
>>CARSON: Oh, my goodness.
>>REGINA: Yeah, she died.
And she was a big
person, and personality,
and an influence in my life.
And so I didn't know
where it was coming from.
And so you can't necessarily--
it is written to an extent
but, again, when
people listened,
they were able to
avoid some of it.
>>CARSON: Right.
It's a tricky thing.
>>REGINA: It's a tricky thing.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so your
grandfather had then done this.
He had worked with
this German team
on the restoration and such.
Now continue your own
family story then into you
because this whole notion
that you remember your life
from birth, you came
in fully awake aware,
and you remember from birth.
>>CARSON: I was a
10.5 pound baby--
10 pounds, 5 ounces.
I was a 10-month baby as well.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: I was 10, 10, 5.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: My mom,
everybody jokes,
said I split her
from front to back.
She actually didn't
have a C-section.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Ow.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I know.
So for whatever reason,
according to my family,
I was in the hospital
for three weeks.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>CARSON: They
had to keep trying
to transfuse me
and everything else
because I was having
some kind of rejection.
>>REGINA: It's part of
the Rh negative issue?
>>CARSON: That's
what my cousin told
me, who was closest to my mom.
She's my older cousin.
And I was like,
wow, I gotta really
get a lot more
information about this.
My mom never told
me about that part.
And this I found out when,
unfortunately, my dad
passed away recently after I
talked to you the last time,
after I--
>>REGINA: Oh, he did?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Were you
expecting that at the time?
Did you know?
>>CARSON: No.
>>REGINA: What happened?
>>CARSON: He, unfortunately,
had a police brutality incident
about four years ago,
where they broke his back
and gave him a
double concussion.
Somebody made a 9-1-1 call.
He was at a concert sitting
in the front row in a suit
that I bought him.
And unfortunately, they
didn't like his color,
so they called the cops and said
this guy just stole the seat
in the front row, supposedly.
>>REGINA: I'm so sorry.
>>CARSON: And four cops came
in and beat him up in front
of the whole concert, on all
the tapes, all the cameras--
>>REGINA: This is in
the last two months?
>>CARSON: No, they did
this four years ago years.
But the concussion,
it messed his mind up.
He started losing his mind.
Right after that, he started
forgetting so many things,
forgetting to eat.
He was already 74 at that time.
>>REGINA: OK, so he had the
concussion at that time.
What happened in the
last couple months?
>>CARSON: Eating was
the biggest thing.
He keeps forgetting to eat.
Even if you give
him food and you
try to force feed it to
him, if you walk away,
he'll forget you gave him food.
He won't eat anything.
So he started getting
very malnourished.
Went to the hospital to look
at that-- also, his back.
They broke his back.
It started hurting
him really bad.
They checked him in.
And they said,
we're going to have
to try to figure out what
we can do for your back.
And unfortunately, my dad had
turned to alcohol and pain
medicine.
And he was on so much of
that when they took him
in to the hospital
and didn't give him
that, replacement of that,
he went through withdrawals.
And that led him into a
seizure, and that turned
into 100 seizures in two days.
Even on the highest
seizure medication
they couldn't stop them, and
the seizures erased his mind.
And then he became brain dead.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Gosh.
Well, I mean, I'm sorry.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And you had a
complex relationship with him.
He had a rough go of it himself?
>>CARSON: Yeah, he was
really a depressed person.
His mom died when
he was 16, his dad
when he was just a small
boy, left the house, never
came back.
And so he was depressed
miles of this life.
And then I look
back, and I see he
was mentally ill and depressed.
So I started a
foundation in his name
called the Carson Foundation
for Addiction and Depression.
And I located a very
good place in Florida
that can take people from
anywhere in the world
and help treat them
with that sickness--
any kind of addiction and
any kind of depression.
>>REGINA: Did you know
he was in the hospital
or did you find out after?
>>CARSON: I found out after.
He had a neighbor take
him to the hospital.
His back was hurting too much.
He walked into the hospital.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: And by
the time I found out
he was in the hospital,
it was two days later.
He was already in a coma.
>>REGINA: So did you have
a chance, on some level,
on some plane, to be
able to kind of reconcile
and say goodbye?
>>CARSON: Well,
when I went up there
and while he was
out of it really,
I just spent some
time with him there.
>>REGINA: Because they're there.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: I did that with
my mom who was in a coma.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: They're
hearing everything.
>>CARSON: Yeah, ironically,
it was in the same hospital
that my mom died.
And he was in the room
directly next to the room
that she died in--
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: --in the same ICU.
>>REGINA: So where
were you kind of--
>>CARSON: I was just trying to
communicate with him mentally
and just let him know I love
him, rubbing him on his head,
kissing him on his head, letting
him know that it's OK to go.
>>REGINA: Nice.
>>CARSON: It's time for
you to just be free,
shed this mortal coil.
It's time for you to just
be free and be happy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: He
suffered long enough.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
yeah, and I know it
created some trouble
in his relationships
with everybody else.
>>CARSON: Yeah, including
with me as well.
It was tough at times.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: So I had to
move out when I was.
16 It was just just too much
dealing with the problems
there.
>>REGINA: Right,
that kind of pain.
>>CARSON: Mm-hm.
>>REGINA: But still,
that those things still
exist in this world gets
tears behind my eyes
because we should be
less barbaric than that
by now, right?
>>CARSON: Right, right.
>>REGINA: And you've had to
deal with stuff in your life?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>REGINA: So now, basically,
you're on top of it.
You've come out OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Did you use those
challenges of your youth--
this is just kind of
some psychology here--
did they drive you
in a special way?
And I asked that
for obvious reasons,
but also there was a trailer
for a film recently I saw.
The name of it as "Waves."
At this moment--
it's coming out soon.
And the African-American
man in it was saying,
you don't understand.
We can't afford to be average.
>>CARSON: Yeah, that's true.
>>REGINA: We have to try harder.
We can't afford average.
They can, we can't.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So talk about
that for a moment,
just from your perspective.
>>CARSON: Well, I'll
give you an example.
The first time I came to Gaia,
which was 2016, to record--
I came to just meet,
actually, with the owner.
And I didn't know I was
going to be recording.
But I came in a
three-piece suit,
and then they said,
you know, Melissa Tittl
would like to ask you a
few questions about space.
So next thing I know, I'm doing
a whole interview on a camera.
And they were like, next
time you come here, just
put on a t-shirt.
You can be comfortable.
I was like, no.
There's no way in the world
I'm going to come in here
with a t-shirt and a cap
on and being on TV talking
about these kind of
controversial topics
and think people are going
to actually believe me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're not gonna
do the Michael Moore thing.
>>CARSON: No, I can't--
some people can
get away with that.
I'm on shows where I'm
in a three-piece suit,
and the next guy who's
doing his little bit,
he's got a baseball
cap on and t-shirt.
And people will believe
him, but that's OK.
>>REGINA: So you feel that
that extra level of-- you
have to go the extra mile
to receive the credibility,
as brilliant as you are
and as much as you've done,
you still feel you still have
to create the appearance that
will bring forth respectability
on the first encounter?
>>CARSON: Absolutely,
there's no doubt about it.
And I live my life
that way, always
trying to excel and be above.
I remember I came home
crying one day from school
because I had an A-minus.
I thought I was going
to get in trouble.
I had never had anything
less than an A or an A-plus.
And my mom, of course,
she laughed at me,
but I literally
thought that was bad.
I was always seeking to
overachieve because I wanted
that level of respect,
and I understood early
on that because of my situation,
and my condition, and my race,
you have to do a little bit
more sometimes to get noticed.
It wasn't just just
from the History Channel
that I got noticed.
Like, to get into
lecturing, I literally
begged the Conscious Life
Expo, contacting the--
I bugged them for three
years each to get on.
>>REGINA: Yeah, there
aren't many people
of color lecturing there.
>>CARSON: No, not at all.
And finally, after the
third year, both of them,
after three years of
bugging them and begging,
they finally gave me a chance.
And when I went in there, I
made sure I knocked it out
of the park.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
go ahead and continue on.
I wanted to go back
for a moment to let
living life as a conscious
person from day one.
I mean, obviously, you
didn't know it any other way.
So how did you operate--
how did it work for you?
Because I've always
wondered about this
with conscious
babies, the ones who
come in with full awareness.
How does it work to have your
full awareness and your memory
and not be able to do anything
with it in the little vehicle?
>>CARSON: It's kind of bizarre.
Like, I wasn't fully aware
of any past memories,
but I did have a
good understanding
of exactly what was going
on, what people were saying.
And I really couldn't understand
until a little bit later how.
But early on, I just
knew-- like, for example,
my grandmother
put me on her lap.
Everybody came over because
it was my first day home--
I survived.
They're all around
the kitchen table,
and my grandmother
starts giving me
table food, which was bluefish,
not the whole chunk of fish,
but just sops of the juice
of the fish and everything.
And I remember that taste.
>>REGINA: Kind of
like an initiation.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
And I remember it,
and it was so clear,
but nobody ever talked
about it after that.
And one day, we all
came together for,
I think it was Thanksgiving
or something, and I said,
you remember when you
put me on your lap
and gave me that blue fish,
that table food on my first day
home from the hospital?
You think hat was smart to do?
And everybody goes, what?
And everybody went crazy.
Like, how--
And I said, I remember.
I remember when I just came
back from Cambria Heights
two weeks ago.
And I went to go visit the old
house that we were living in,
because I was up there
doing a big lecture.
And I saw the air conditioner in
the front of the house, the box
air conditioner where my
mom would put the bubbles
when I was only 1
and 2 years old,
to fill the room with bubbles.
And all those things I remember.
I remember all the book
reports that I did.
My dad would make me do a
book report every single week
at that young age.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: All the memories are
so vivid still, which is great.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're
the record keeper.
>>CARSON: Yeah, my
recall is excellent.
>>REGINA: Yeah, clearly.
And now what about
your own kids?
Now they grew up in privilege.
>>CARSON: Yeah, they did.
>>REGINA: Right?
So they didn't have
those struggles
to overcome that you had.
So what do you see
in the development
of your own children now?
>>CARSON: I let them kind
of each take their own path.
I didn't overwhelm
them with my ideals.
I wanted to see how they
all kind of developed.
I told them how I
felt, and I taught them
the way that I believe, but
I didn't punch it into them.
They had a very good life,
every single one of them.
And they all are a little bit
different, which is great.
Some of the kids are eating
meat, some kids don't eat meat,
some kids believe in
religion, and some don't.
But overall, I gave them a
very good incentive early on.
I told them I wasn't going
to pay for any college
from the time they
were very small.
I said if you want
to go to college,
you're going to have to get
a scholarship for athletics,
or academics, or
fund it for yourself,
but I'm not paying for it.
And if you get straight
A's, you'll get $500.
If you get one B,
you get nothing.
So I instilled that--
>>REGINA: You incentivize them.
>>CARSON: I incentivized them.
>>REGINA: And how did they
rise to that challenge?
>>CARSON: They all became
Division I athletes.
All excelled-- state champion
in boxing, my youngest son.
I mean, they all--
University of North Carolina
Greensboro, Elon University.
My one daughter had
15 offers by the time
she got to the 10th
grade for scholarships.
They all excelled, you know?
All excelled.
>>REGINA: Did they
ever resent you,
that you wouldn't
do that for them,
or did they know that you
created a sense of their own
excellence and help them--
>>CARSON: They loved it,
and they thank me for it
to this current day.
>>REGINA: That's so wonderful.
>>CARSON: There's so
many things in life now--
they're all grown up, obviously.
And when things come
at them, they're
just like, OK, whatever.
They're used to a work load.
They're used to being on time.
They're used to having so many--
multitasking and having
a lot of things to do,
so nothing really
overwhelms them.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I mean, I want to see
a movie on your life,
but that will be down the road.
You're still a little too young
to have a movie on your life.
>>CARSON: I'll tell you
one more important thing.
>>REGINA: Yes, do.
>>CARSON: I never beat my kids,
and I never yelled at him.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>CARSON: Yeah, important.
>>REGINA: Nor did
I. I don't believe
that's the way you do
to another human being.
>>CARSON: You can't do it.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: All you do
is traumatize them.
>>CARSON: That's it.
You make them sick.
>>REGINA: You make them sick.
>>CARSON: I went back
to my neighborhood,
and I'm telling you--
I'm getting a little
emotional because-- you know,
thinking about it--
>>REGINA: It's OK.
I hear you-- feel you.
>>CARSON: The people
there are hurting.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
They're traumatized every day.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
They're dead, locked up,
they're sick, they've got PTSD,
they became abusers.
It's horrible.
It's pretty bad.
>>REGINA: And they're tucked
away, and the media ignores--
>>CARSON: They got all butt
whoopings that everybody got.
They got all the yellings.
They got all the beatings.
They got all the punishments.
But that doesn't work.
You can't take children and
beat them, and yell at them,
and tell them all
kind of crazy stuff,
and expect them to be OK.
Only a small amount of kids
will make it out of that OK,
and the rest of
them will struggle
for the rest of their lives.
We're creating a
sick environment.
We're creating a sick race
of people of all skin colors
by doing this to them, and
treating them that way,
and beating them,
and yelling at them.
You can't do that.
>>REGINA: I agree.
I don't know myself on this
level, but in modern times,
people look to the
African-American culture,
and they'll often say, well,
there wasn't a father present.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: That
phenomena, which you've
reversed big time
in your genetics
and your lineage you were there.
Your dad was-- he was
screwed up, but he was there.
>>CARSON: Yeah, right.
>>REGINA: He was there.
So what's happening right now--
tell us what's happening
in African-American culture
in that way.
Are the men starting to stay
or is the phenomena continuing?
And why has it
happened this way?
>>CARSON: I'll start by telling
you why it happened first.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: Because that's
the important part
that people need to understand.
When you look into the
history of, unfortunately,
racism on this planet, not just
even in the African-American
culture but all cultures--
>>REGINA: Yeah, all racism.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
You begin to realize that the
way that we have been oppressed
and the way that
slavery occurred,
you were basically making
brother fight against brother
and also a lot of the raping,
and you're just a person
here to mate with these women--
you're like a buck so you
mate, mate, mate, mate, mate,
and then you're out of there.
We're going to
take these babies,
and we're going to sell them.
It's like a breeding plan.
Now what's important
to understand
is in your DNA-- your
DNA stores memories.
This is scientifically proven.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>CARSON: You also have
epigenetic memories.
These epigenetic
memories can persist
for 15 to 20 generations.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: So what happened to--
if I had in any previous
people in my family
that were involved in
slavery, those memories, all
those tortures, and all
those mindsets, and all
those teachings, and
all those beatings,
and all that structure
that was put into them
back then is inside
of me as well.
Some of us have the capability
of reprogramming ourselves
a little bit easier than
others, but a lot of people,
they don't have the capability.
They're living out
past ancient memories
that have been taught and
bred into them in modern era.
So that's where
the problem starts.
>>REGINA: The breaking
apart of the family
was the critical
basis for slavery.
>>CARSON: Exactly, they
would take a woman,
and they would
take away the son.
He's going to go
up for sale here.
The daughter, she's a wench.
She's going off
for sale over here.
And she'll be raped,
and she'll have babies.
The guy, he's a buck
if he's strong enough.
He's going to mate with
all these different women
till they can have strong
babies that can go do the work.
It was bred in to
not be a father,
not be there for your children,
to just have sex and run.
>>REGINA: You're just being
used as a commodity yourself.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And people don't realize
that's in the genome.
And slavery just ended
not too long ago,
so it's going to persist
for quite a while.
So part of my mission
is to help reprogram
the mind of the
African-American, reprogram
the way that we
think about things.
So to help us heal
ourselves, we've
got to heal from the inside out.
And it's getting better.
When I went to
Brooklyn, New York
to do my lecture two weeks ago,
there were 500 people there
at that St. Francis College.
I think there we might have
been five other races there.
But to see that
many people coming
for this kind of
information, it blew me away.
I was shocked.
When I walked in the
room, I go, whoa.
That's incredible.
I had no idea that
was going to happen.
And these people were really
into this kind of information--
alternative thinking,
away from religion,
more into spirituality,
unconditional love,
all these things.
And I think that the
communities of black people now
around the world, especially
in America in particular,
has been changing and
going for the better.
There's a lot more
fathers at home
now, a lot more fathers
taking care of their kids.
It's getting better.
They're getting a lot better.
>>REGINA: Like you
say, it's still so raw.
It's fresh.
It's only so many generations
ago, not that many.
And the repercussions
of it and the prejudice
that has continued
since then has barely
waned in some parts of even
the United States, certainly
the United States.
It seems to have taken more of a
backseat in Britain and Europe,
at least for
African-Americans anyway--
for blacks than it has
for African-Americans.
America seems to be a really
tough culture in this way.
>>CARSON: It's
pretty tough, yeah.
>>REGINA: you know, I had
a conversation with Raymond
Tarpey, and he and I had
been talking on the phone
beforehand.
And it was a really
interesting thing
he brought up that we
did not get into when
the interview came around.
He said that America's
immaturity and entitlement
is, in part, to do with the
fact that this country never
had to actually pay up and
reconcile with slavery, where
in other countries there was
some kind of reconciliation,
compensation, something.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And it
never happened here.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: In your
mind, how can that
be healed when the country
never took responsibility
for what we've done?
>>CARSON: They keep saying,
oh, that happened in the past,
and that was our ancestors
or our relatives or whatever,
but it wasn't us.
But again, science needs
to come to the forefront
now and explain the
suffering that's going on.
People are suffering
from PTSD from things
that happened 200 years ago.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And I couldn't
agree with you more.
This is where science
and spirituality actually
need to come forward together.
>>CARSON: Yes, I agree.
I agree 100%.
>>REGINA: So when
you do your talks
to these groups
of people, do you
approach it from a
genetic standpoint
and a spiritual standpoint?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What do you do?
What's your story?
>>CARSON: A lot of my lectures
are very scientific because I
like to show people
the spiritual side,
but I like the show
them-- before I
get to the spiritual
aspect, I show them science.
So they can say, oh, wow.
This is really possible.
These two things really
do work together.
Because people tend
to think things
in spirituality and spiritual
concepts are more like "magic"
and some kind of way
things are just happening,
but I like to show them
why they're happening
and how their happening.
This is the science
behind why this works
and why these kind of
thought process work,
why these kind of
meditations work.
And then they begin to go,
wow, this is incredible.
Now they're going,
I see, and, I want
to follow this path
instead of the other path.
Unfortunately, religion
really held us down
a lot more as well.
That's another big
thing that happened.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: People tend to think
that religions got spread
around the planet by
love, but it really
got spread around the planet by
force, by rape, and by murder,
unfortunately.
>>REGINA: Well, absolutely.
And if you're in America, God's
a white guy with a white beard.
>>CARSON: Right,
with a magic wand.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And it robs
you of your identity.
Almost every race
has an identity
that they can correlate with.
But in America, we're
called African-Americans,
but there's not Asian-Americans
or Caucasian-Americans.
So we've lost-- we've
been disconnected
from our roots, disconnected
from the alchemical sciences
that we used to know.
And unfortunately, when we
got into the religious aspect
of things, we were only
given small amounts
of verses that would approve
slavery and slave tactics.
And that has still
been embedded in us
till this very day in
the religious aspects.
So people have gotten
used to that system,
and some people actually
rejoice and think
that all those
millions of people
had to die just so that they
can learn what's in that book.
>>REGINA: A lot of
this was exemplified
in a film called
"Harriet," which is out,
a character, a heroine
of her day, a slave who
broke away and started becoming
a part of the Underground
Railroad.
>>CARSON: Oh, yeah,
yeah, that just came out.
I have to go see it.
>>REGINA: I see everything.
I'm a film buff.
[LAUGHTER]
>>CARSON: OK.
>>REGINA: But they showed her
at the plantation or estate,
whatever it was calm, and they
showed a slave also who was
the minister, who was reading
to the other slaves on a Sunday
on behalf of the owners
of the plantation,
the passages that
reinforce their--
>>CARSON: There you go.
>>REGINA: --subservience
to their masters.
>>CARSON: There you go.
Yeah, that's exactly
what happens.
>>REGINA: Holy cow.
Is that how it worked?
>>CARSON: That's how it worked.
And the slave master
would sit there
to make sure they didn't
divert into any other parts
of the book.
>>REGINA: That's
exactly the scene
that's in this toward
the very beginning.
>>CARSON: It's a fact.
That's an actual fact.
Whoever made the movie, then
they went by real facts.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, it was
a historical documentary.
I mean, obviously,
it's a film, so there's
going to be some dramatization,
but it basically was her story
and very well done.
I get fierce about
that particular topic.
I think that has to do
with some past of my own,
back in those areas in the
day that I'm aware of anyway.
>>CARSON: Well,
some people don't
realize that-- well,
reincarnation is real--
but some people may
realize it is real,
but they may not
realize that they've
been other races as well.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, yeah.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And not only
have they been other races,
you've been other sexes.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm, yeah.
>>REGINA: And to
me, the beauty in--
some people say, why would I
want to focus on another time
when there's so much on
my plate in this time?
Well, it's like,
why would you want
to know history of any kind?
I think it has value to
know your personal history.
And I've taken people
through-- quite a few people
through past life regressions.
>>CARSON: Oh, wow.
>>REGINA: And in doing
so, the main thing
is people either think
I'm going to be wrong
and that I'm going to be lying
to myself, or I was nothing.
I mean, they have these fears
and preconceptions going in.
And I say, you know, don't worry
about any of those details.
You can make up a fantabulous
story if you want to even.
But the feeling that
you bring forth inside
is the junk that's buried
in the subconscious.
And that's what's
actually affecting you
in your current incarnation.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Yeah, that's like shadow work.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you're
bringing that through.
So if you're in a situation such
as from the lineage of slavery
and that's been
reinforced, reinforced,
almost up till present,
which it really has--
look at what happened
to your father--
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm, yeah, that
was the second time that he
had been beaten by cops.
The first time, I witnessed
it in Opa-locka, Florida.
We went to go pay the
rent for the house
that we were living in, at this
lady who owned a dry cleaner.
And unfortunately, six
cops came, slammed him
to the ground, put
shotguns to his head,
hit him with the
butt of the gun.
Me and my brother
were screaming.
My mom was screaming.
We were sitting right in the
car right outside the door.
And then one of the cops
came over with a racial slur
and said, no, it's
this one down here,
and they just got
up and walked away.
So this is,
unfortunately, something
that I had to witness.
>>REGINA: How do you
deal with that inside?
How can you deal
with that injustice?
>>CARSON: You
know, it's so tough
because it's an internal battle.
You want to cry out,
but there's nobody
to listen to what you have
to say most of the time.
I did start a website--
or not really a website,
a social media account
called, "Wave of Action," which
is on Facebook, over 100,000
people on that one.
>>REGINA: Wow, and what
is the mission statement?
>>CARSON: It's really
just about exposing
police brutality,
and police injustice,
and all different types of
other injustices as well.
Now, it's kind of grown
and just not saying that--
not pounding them and
saying, this is evil
or these people are all
bad, but saying, this
is what's going on.
Take a look.
These are actual video
accounts of things.
And I don't add any
extra commentary.
I don't have any
extra caption to it.
>>REGINA: Right.
Let that speak for itself.
>>CARSON: I put it out there,
and I just walk away from it.
But you can see that
the majority-- and I
do all races of brutality,
whoever they attack,
even black people
attacking black people.
They're all on there.
But you get to see this track
record of, unfortunately,
you can see that
the balance is off.
And it's still persisting
to this current day.
And something needs to be done.
And I think the best way to
handle it is to get the sheriff
or the mayor of the town that is
hiring the police officers that
are making these egregious acts
against human beings, the mayor
or the sheriff need to be
held accountable financially.
So their personal pensions
need to be deducted instead
of the taxpayers'.
My dad won $36,000
from the taxpayers
of Palm Bay for the
beating he took,
which was peanuts, especially
after the attorneys
took their fees
and after what they
did to his brain and his back.
After it happened,
I said they just
took 15 years of my
dad's life, and that's
exactly how many years they took
away, 15 years from his life.
So if I'm the mayor
or I'm the sheriff
and I know that my personal
income, my nest egg
is going to be tampered
with if one of my employees
doesn't do their
job right, I'm going
to make sure it never happens.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: And
until that happens,
we're still going to
have police brutality.
Because you have to hit
people in the pockets.
That's the only way to stop
things like this, hit them
in the pockets.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That is true.
So you have this group, you
have the Carson Foundation
giving people with drug
and alcohol problems
some help to help go
through the detox process
and the re-education
process and so forth?
>>CARSON: Yeah, they
get a psychiatrist.
They get one-on-one in-group
therapy, all different types
of depression.
>>REGINA: So kind of
psycho-spiritual--
>>CARSON: Meditation, yoga,
all that's involved as well.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
And then you have this--
is it a Facebook page
or a blog site called--
again?
>>CARSON: Wave of Action.
>>REGINA: Wave of Action.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
To keep an eye on the brutality
that's actually happening
and not let it be
swept under the rug?
>>CARSON: Correct.
>>REGINA: And what else
are you up to right now,
besides coming on
with people like me?
>>CARSON: I have my own show
on Dame Dash's network, which
is called 4BIDDEN KNOWLEDGE
with Billy Carson, where I just
talk about various topics.
That's been pretty cool.
I'm doing mystery schools now.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I did the first
mystery school last month,
and it was standing room
only, 12 hours of teaching.
>>REGINA: Is this based on
the Compendium of the Emerald
Tablets?
>>CARSON: Some of
it, but it's also
into deep Egyptian mysteries.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no
one can miss what
you have around your neck--
your tie and your medallion,
with the Eye of Horus.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And we only have
a couple of minutes left,
but give us just a
little taste and maybe
in another conversation
down the road,
we can go into the
mystery school teachings
that you particularly
appreciate or embody.
>>CARSON: Yeah, well, I
like to talk to people a lot
about the fact that we are
extremely powerful beings.
And people don't really
understand how much
power is inside the human body.
You have 0.7 milli volts of
electricity in every cell,
and you have 35 billion cells.
Multiply that, all
of a sudden, you're
at 2.65 or so trillion volts of
electricity in the human body.
So we're powerful beings.
This is where qigong comes from,
the ancient art of extracting
the energy and using
it in your hands
and Reiki healing
and everything else.
All that energy
is coming directly
from the cells in the body,
directly from the cell walls.
And even the ancient Egyptians--
and if you go into
the mysteries,
you discover they
have the capability
of healing with the hands as
well and using these energies.
So I like to talk about that.
And I also like to
talk about the fact
that everything in this
universe is made of light.
Even our bodies
are made of light.
When you look at
quantum physics,
you discover that everything
is an electromagnetic wave.
Everything is a wave.
And waves are all light waves.
We only see 1% of the spectrum.
We're basically blind to what's
really going on around us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: But because everything
is made of light, we are light.
So we're living in
this light matrix.
These waves of light interact
with conscious intent,
and we collapse them into things
that we think are solid matter.
We think it's distance.
We think it's separation,
but that's only an illusion.
So I like to talk
about that aspect
of what the ancients call
"dream world" or "sleepy time,"
and the ancient sages
talk about this,
and that we really-- there's
another level above this
and other dimensions where
true reality does exist.
Base reality does exist.
And how do we get there?
And how do we consciously
incarnate at will
and using some of the
ancient techniques?
So it's a very deep class,
12 hours of teaching.
>>REGINA: I love it.
When I've been doing
lectures recently,
I'm talking about a very
similar subject, which
is if we are light and
space and this field
is ours to fill within
its information,
essentially, it's all
information, right?
Then it's up to us to choose
what kind of information
we're going to fill our fields
with and the fields around us
with?
And how do we go about it?
And it sounds like you carry
that on and extended it
into the means by which
you can begin intentionally
filling that field with energy
that's going to support you
in your life and your Dharma.
>>CARSON: Absolutely, yes,
that's exactly what it is.
Every thought creates
an electromagnetic wave
that comes into your
head, which is light,
so you're actually
thinking light.
And that light then
has a direct effect
on the ether of
spacetime itself.
>>REGINA: I love it.
Well, can't wait
to see what you're
going to be when you grow up--
[LAUGHTER]
--because you're still young.
Billy, thank you again.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Always a profound
conversation with you.
And thank you for sharing
some of the more tender
parts of self and interfaced
with life on Earth.
I really appreciate that.
>>CARSON: Thank you so much.
I appreciate you.
>>REGINA: You can take a
deeper look into Billy's work
by going to
4biddenknowledge.com.
And that's four,
like, the numeral 4,
plus biddenknowledge.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[OUTRO INSTRUMENTAL]